Broken broken
He actually knows Brother Hu
If Tiger knew someone had stolen his bronze
We're all going to die!
What about the bridge?
Don't worry. Don't worry.
They're all dying, and you're still being stubborn
Brother, you really have the guts
Even Brother Tiger dares to steal
Do you know who Tiger is?
Black is the boss
Steal his stuff and wait to die
Which eye did you see that I stole it?
Something like this is worth at least tens of millions
Where did you get the money?
Use you to pay back
I'll see how you explain it to Fifth Brother later.
It's over, it's over, it's really here
Why did you call me here in a hurry?
You don't know that Brother Hu is very busy with sincerity, I tell you
If you dare to say it's okay today, I'll do it
Hey, Brother Hu, of course I know that you have a busy day.
It's okay, how can I bring you here?
Brother Tiger
I know someone stole your goods.
Trick or treat here
Got caught by me?
Who has the guts to steal my stuff?
That's him!
OK
Hey, oops.
Brother Tiger
This is my brother, Brother Tiger, Brother Tiger, oh my god
Why are you here?
Long time no see, can you make my brother easy to find?